Ok, I get it, grandpa.
That's great news.
That person found
At the engagement party of Han Down
You're talking about the leprechaun girl from the Han family
Exactly.
They found the second uncle's family through connections
Okay, hurry up. Okay.
But grandpa
Do you think that person is really that divine?
Today's Great Xia can have such ghosts and gods
But shameless art
You must dare to cling to this person before everyone else
God, fairy
More and more outrageous
I'm running out of patience.
Today, the second master of the Qi family
Governor Qi Kaitian will operate
And you make a party
Death is not a pity
Who did I think?
The mere governor still can't get into my eyes
Even if he comes, I can kill him at will
Governor bought southern Xinjiang
Take charge and kill the name
Billions of lives can be cut off
How dare you disrespect the Governor
Hey, you all saw it
This is all the work of this guy himself
It has nothing to do with our Han family.
Don't delete, I'm going to divorce you now
My son is talking nonsense
Nonsense me, me, let's go now
It's too late now.
Who dares to be disrespectful to Ben?
It's his down
Please help our family Ye Huan say a few good words
Wordless dedication of our family heirloom jade seal
Please let our Ye Huan live
This is the handed down jade seal
What worthless broken
But the Governor doesn't like to play with villains
Adults, or let them roll down the garlic
Don't, boy
Go away or see your blood within a hundred steps
Go, go, go, I haven't started slapping in the face yet
How can you go?